all over Gaza evidence of another round
of heavy
[Laughter]
bombardment two missiles struck this
building last night it's not clear if
there was a warning 11 people were
killed the rescue workers have been up
there since early this morning looking
for bodies and we can see one right next
to them there a foot stuck between two
bits of masonry they're trying to get
the body up but as you can see it's
incredibly precarious Danger
work it's an office
block but last night there were
civilians here refugees from the
devastated neighborhood of Shia attacked
on Sunday after more than two weeks it's
getting harder and harder to
hide
11 person killed without
any just they they come here to be
sa at shifa hospital Hospital Asma Al
hillu is fighting for her
life among thousands who failed to heed
Israeli warnings to leave
sh she was making breakfast for a family
of 10 when their house was hit on Sunday
morning she's the only
Survivor getting Asma out of the
wreckage was a miracle in itself we were
with the rescue team on Sunday afternoon
when they spotted a body buried under
concrete it was a dangerous rescue Hamas
gunman had opened fire Israel was
responding but they weren't going to
give up she was under the rubel for 12
hours 12 hours 12 12 hours she's lucky
she's a miracle actually uh I don't know
uh how she could
survive she's lucky
a cousin keeps vigil outside asma's room
his job one day to tell her just how
much she's
lost in the burns unit the doctors's
pause for Midday
prayers Israel says it's not at war with
the Palestinian people but more than 600
of them have now died most of them
civilians Paul Adams BBC news Gaza am